CORE-3592: Improve the documentation (#37)
jampp/migratron: docs/running_tests.rst

=============
Running Tests
=============

Migratron tests can be executed ``pytest``

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
    pytest

> But some tests require a PostgreSQL and some test a beeline connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some tests require a PostgreSQL and others a beeline connection.
```

> To run the test that require PostgreSQL, you must set the ``MIGRATIONS_DB_TESTS``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests that require PostgreSQL, you must set the ``MIGRATIONS_DB_TESTS``
```

> environment variable. The database used must have ``test`` somewere on the name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variable. The database used must have ``test`` somewhere in the name,
```

and it should be created.

For example:

.. code-block:: bash

    export MIGRATIONS_DB_TESTS=postgres://username:password@localhost/test_db
    pytest

> To run the tests to use Hive, you should set the ``MIGRATIONS_HIVE_TESTS``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests that use Hive, you should set the ``MIGRATIONS_HIVE_TESTS``
```
